Update docs titles and descriptions for SEO and style guide (#1066)
hashicorp/terraform-plugin-framework: website/docs/plugin/framework/validation.mdx

---
page_title: Validation
description: >-

>   Learn how to validate configuration values using the Terraformprovider framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Learn how to validate configuration values using the Terraform provider framework.
```
